Copyright © 2018 Errikos Kontogiannis
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Describe Your Swift Playground

Having seen Apple’s new AR technology and it’s implementation into the Swift Playgrounds App, I decided that this would be what I would have to base my Swift Playground on this year.
At first, I was a bit skeptical and wanted to make a game using this amazing technology, but after thinking about it for some time I changed my mind and wanted to create a Swift Playground that could some day be used for many useful purposes, but also develop it in a way and design it so that it is fun and interesting for the user to use. That would be one that could enable tourists to see my country and of course allow people to experience the beautiful islands and archaeological sites of Greece without actually needing to travel all the way there and with the power of their own device. In short, I went on to develop this Swift Playground for my 2018 WWDC Scholarship Application, which enables you to “explore” Greece’s three most popular archaeological sites (Acropolis, Olympia and Delphi) and three most popular islands (Santorini, Mykonos, Crete) in the confort of your own home with 3D doors that you can walk in and look around a room specially designed to look like the island/archaeological site that you walked in and make you feel like you are actually there.
Moreover, after I finished developing my Swift Playground and got to use it I realized how it could be used to boost Greece’s economy by promoting tourism even more, as a large percentage of it depends on tourism. For example a tourist could use this playground or even the app that I will publish on the app store in a few weeks to visit Greece using AR Technology and choose his destination by checking out all the different places and categories that the app version of it will have, or learn more about it by tapping some kind of button that would open a WebView with a Wikipedia page for that place. What I want to say is that the possibilities are endless.
I was able to achieve all this by using apple hardware and software, the images and videos used in this Swift Playground for example were edited using an iMac, and the Swift Playground was developed using an iMac with Xcode and an iPad Pro 12.9 Inch with the Swift Playgrounds App.
The technologies applied to make this Swift Playground possible were: UIKit, ARKit, SceneKit and AVFoundation.

Kontogiannis Errikos
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
